>> Brian Holt: So
I think we have one more thing to do, and
then we're actually done coding our app.
Our app will be complete, and
then we're gonna go back and refactor and
include Redux.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah, I'll finish this,
I'll push a new branch,
and then I'll give you
a little bit of a break.
And then we'll come back and do some more.
>> Speaker 2: Question.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Two questions, does this
pattern of passing down methods that
modify state down components
happen a lot in React?
>> Brian Holt: Everywhere,
all the time, extremely common.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, Tom is asking,
will createClass stay available
even when ES6 becomes default?
>> Brian Holt: I think the answer
to that question is yes,
because there's code bases like Netflix
where we use it everywhere, right?
We use createClass,
we don't use the ES6 classes at all.
And so as long as people like Netflix,
where we can throw around
our weight a little bit.
I think as long as we're around and
we keep doing it,
they're gonna just keep supporting it.
I think they were kind of
on the track to deprecate.
A bunch of people were like,
woah, slow down, we like this.
So just leave it in there.
But at the same time,
the React library is getting bigger and
it needs to get smaller.
So there are certain things like
that that they could cut out.
So suffice to say,
I don't see an end to it.
They haven't announced an end to it.
But they probably should settle on one.
And if they're gonna settle on one,
it's probably gonna be ES6 classes.
But that's years away, probably.
>> Brian Holt: Good question.
Other questions?
Something that I definitely
will plug about React is,
whenever they release kind of bigger,
quote unquote, breaking changes.
I guess not quote unquote,
literally breaking changes.
They generally ship a code mod with it so
that,
I don't know if you're
familiar with code mods.
But basically it's a AST transformer,
an abstract syntax tree transformer,
that will transform your old
syntax into their new syntax.
So it's an automatic refactor for you.
And they're generally pretty awesome about
shipping those with every single release.
Same thing with the React router
team is they're pretty good about
including code mods with
all of their releases.
So if something like that
where createClass went away,
they would ship a code mod to
probably get you about 90% there.
And the rest of the stuff you would
just have to slowly refactor out.
>> Brian Holt: Code mods are amazing.
>> Speaker 3: Is there a specific tool
you use to apply those to your code base?
>> Brian Holt: Codemod.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, there you go.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] Yeah no,
it's a tool from Facebook called Codemod.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Speaker 2: There is a question, but
I'm not quite sure I understand it.
Denarte's asking, is there a limit
on passing down action to children?
>> Speaker 2: Sorry, I got it.
He or she means passing down functions.
>> Brian Holt: I think the answer to that
question is you need to pass down as much
as makes sense, right?
There's no physical limitation,
there's no limit.
But the simpler you can make
those interfaces, the better.
So that's a really vague answer, but
it's kind of just do what's best for
what the situation is.
>> Speaker 2: I don't think
there is a limit per say.
>> Brian Holt: No, there's no limit.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Brian Holt: Absolutely not, I mean,
cuz it's really just an object, right?
Is there a limit on how
big objects can be?
Yes, but it's astronomically huge, so.
>> Brian Holt: So hopefully that's
a sufficiently vague answer.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
we'll just, did I cut a branch?
I did, didn't I?
I did.
>> Speaker 2: Is it possible to use
propTypes on stateless components?
>> Brian Holt: Yes, same methodology
that you do it with a header.
You declare the function, right, and
then you say function .propTypes = blah.